Register MongoClient in DI with singleton lifetime (#12625)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/first-mongo-app.md

    * Is annotated with [[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.ObjectId)]](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/T_MongoDB_Bson_Serialization_Attributes_BsonRepresentationAttribute.htm) to allow passing the parameter as type `string` instead of an [ObjectId](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/T_MongoDB_Bson_ObjectId.htm) structure. Mongo handles the conversion from `string` to `ObjectId`.
    
    Other properties in the class are annotated with the [[BsonElement]](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/T_MongoDB_Bson_Serialization_Attributes_BsonElementAttribute.htm) attribute. The attribute's value represents the property name in the MongoDB collection.

## Add a configuration model

1. Add the following database configuration values to *appsettings.json*:

    [!code-json[](first-mongo-app/sample/BooksApi/appsettings.json?highlight=2-6)]

1. Add a *BookstoreDatabaseSettings.cs* file to the *Models* directory with the following code:

    [!code-csharp[](first-mongo-app/sample/BooksApi/Models/BookstoreDatabaseSettings.cs)]

>     The preceding `BookstoreDatabaseSettings` class will be used for storing the *appsettings.json* file's `BookstoreDatabaseSettings` property values. The JSON and C# property names are named identically to ease the mapping process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The preceding `BookstoreDatabaseSettings` class is used to store the *appsettings.json* file's `BookstoreDatabaseSettings` property values. The JSON and C# property names are named identically to ease the mapping process.
```

    In the preceding code, the `BookService` class is registered with DI to support constructor injection in consuming classes. The singleton service lifetime is most appropriate because `BookService` takes a direct dependency on `MongoClient`. Per the official [Mongo Client reuse guidelines](https://mongodb.github.io/mongo-csharp-driver/2.8/reference/driver/connecting/#re-use), `MongoClient` should be registered in DI with a singleton service lifetime.

1. Add the following code to the top of *Startup.cs* to resolve the `BookService` reference:

    [!code-csharp[](first-mongo-app/sample/BooksApi/Startup.cs?name=snippet_UsingBooksApiServices)]

The `BookService` class uses the following `MongoDB.Driver` members to perform CRUD operations against the database:

* [MongoClient](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/T_MongoDB_Driver_MongoClient.htm) &ndash; Reads the server instance for performing database operations. The constructor of this class is provided the MongoDB connection string:

    [!code-csharp[](first-mongo-app/sample/BooksApi/Services/BookService.cs?name=snippet_BookServiceConstructor&highlight=3)]

> * [IMongoDatabase](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/T_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoDatabase.htm) &ndash; Represents the Mongo database for performing operations. This tutorial uses the generic [GetCollection<TDocument>(collection)](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/M_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoDatabase_GetCollection__1.htm) method on the interface to gain access to data in a specific collection. CRUD operations can be performed against the collection after this method is called. In the `GetCollection<TDocument>(collection)` method call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [IMongoDatabase](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/T_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoDatabase.htm) &ndash; Represents the Mongo database for performing operations. This tutorial uses the generic [GetCollection<TDocument>(collection)](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/M_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoDatabase_GetCollection__1.htm) method on the interface to gain access to data in a specific collection. Perform CRUD operations against the collection after this method is called. In the `GetCollection<TDocument>(collection)` method call:
```

From (state verb) ...

> CRUD operations can be performed against the collection after this method is called.

... to (imperative non-state) ...

> Perform CRUD operations against the collection after this method is called.

* [DeleteOne](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/M_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoCollection_1_DeleteOne.htm) &ndash; Deletes a single document matching the provided search criteria.
* [Find\<TDocument>](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/M_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoCollectionExtensions_Find__1_1.htm) &ndash; Returns all documents in the collection matching the provided search criteria.
* [InsertOne](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/M_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoCollection_1_InsertOne.htm) &ndash; Inserts the provided object as a new document in the collection.
* [ReplaceOne](https://api.mongodb.com/csharp/current/html/M_MongoDB_Driver_IMongoCollection_1_ReplaceOne.htm) &ndash; Replaces the single document matching the provided search criteria with the provided object.

## Add a controller

Add a `BooksController` class to the *Controllers* directory with the following code:

[!code-csharp[](first-mongo-app/sample/BooksApi/Controllers/BooksController.cs)]

The preceding web API controller:

* Uses the `BookService` class to perform CRUD operations.
* Contains action methods to support GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE HTTP requests.

> * Calls <xref:System.Web.Http.ApiController.CreatedAtRoute*>, in the `Create` action method, to return an [HTTP 201](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html) response. 201 is the standard response for an HTTP POST method that creates a new resource on the server. `CreatedAtRoute` also adds a `Location` header to the response. The `Location` header specifies the URI of the newly created book.

Reviewer: * Essential phrase (dropping commas).
* Sentence starting with "201" ... I put in "Status code 201" ... something like that.

```suggestion
* Calls <xref:System.Web.Http.ApiController.CreatedAtRoute*> in the `Create` action method to return an [HTTP 201](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html) response. Status code 201 is the standard response for an HTTP POST method that creates a new resource on the server. `CreatedAtRoute` also adds a `Location` header to the response. The `Location` header specifies the URI of the newly created book.
```

## Test the web API

1. Build and run the app.

> 1. Navigate to `http://localhost:<port>/api/books` in your browser to test the controller's parameterless `Get` action method. The following JSON response is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to `http://localhost:<port>/api/books` to test the controller's parameterless `Get` action method. The following JSON response is displayed:
```

    ]
    ```

> 1. Navigate to `http://localhost:<port>/api/books/5bfd996f7b8e48dc15ff215e` in your browser to test the controller's overloaded `Get` action method. The following JSON response is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to `http://localhost:<port>/api/books/5bfd996f7b8e48dc15ff215e` to test the controller's overloaded `Get` action method. The following JSON response is displayed:
```
